Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
‪-[birds chirping]
‪-[Jonasi] Oh. good morning.
‪-Hi. Dad.
‪-How are you?
‪-Ah. no. we are good.
‪-Hello. dear husband.
‪-Hello. [grunts]
‪-You came right on time.
‪I just reserved a table for us
‪for the Ivory Oasis dinner.
‪so everything is ready.
‪This is the first time
‪I'm hearing about this.
‪Uh. what do you mean
‪it's your first time hearing about it?
‪-I told you about this.
‪-[Jonasi] When?
‪No. Joyce. you didn't tell me.
‪You must've forgotten. you know.
‪like how you forgot my birthday.
‪-Seriously? That's what we're doing now?
‪-Mm-mmm.
‪-Knock. knock.
‪-Leave it.
‪-I was just saying.
‪-Morning. morning. family.
‪My love.
‪-So people just show up here in my house…
‪-[kisses]
‪-…without the decency to knock.
‪-Wow.
‪-Um.
‪-Whoa.
‪-Goodness.
‪-Here…
‪-is an invite to the twins' christening.
‪-[Jonasi] Wow.
‪I'd love it if you could all come.
‪Yeah. of course. Of course.
‪There's a dress code.
‪All those that are closest to my heart.
‪I mean. those who are loved by me.
‪my children.
‪you guys as well.
‪you will be dressed in cream.
‪-Oh. cream? Wow.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪-And others?
‪-Others what?
‪What will they wear?
‪They'll just wear what they usually wear
‪at church on a Sunday.
‪Okay. thank you.
‪-Enjoy your breakfast.
‪-[Mpume clears throat]
‪-I have somewhere to be. I'll see you.
‪-Okay.
‪[Mpume] "Those closest to my heart."
‪[scoffs] Well.
‪you can miss me at that christening.
‪Listen here.
‪That christening is for your sisters.
‪We're all going there as a family.
‪Do you understand?
‪Well. that means
‪I'll be in my Sunday best.
‪[clears throat]
‪[Freedom] I really take care of you guys.
‪Who else have you seen buying lunch
‪worth 150 rand in this township?
‪[chuckles]
‪The new babies get special treatment.
‪-[Sarah] Hmm.
‪-[Freedom] What's going on?
‪Oh. wow. Matipa's kids are being baptised.
‪-[Freedom] Oh? Wow. [chuckles]
‪-[Essie] Mm-hmm.
‪What are you holding?
‪Oh. [chuckles]
‪Dad just forgot his fancy pen.
‪-[grunts]
‪-Oh.
‪I guess old age doesn't announce itself.
‪Stop it with your drama.
‪Whoa. It's just a pen.
‪We all know dad is very careful
‪not to leave anything
‪that belongs to him here. right?
‪How about you and I go to the mall?
‪We're getting beautiful clothes.
‪I want you to look good
‪for this christening at the Matipas'.
‪The twins must be so important.
‪while we remain hidden.
‪We have to hide in the shadows.
‪-No ways. Mom. Why?
‪-Oh. Sarah.
‪Well. you're not forced to go. my child.
‪You can stay if you don't want to.
‪[groans]
‪-So what about your lunch?
‪-No!
‪[sighs]
‪-[dog barking]
‪-[birds squawking]
‪So there's no other venue we can use?
‪So there's nothing?
‪Okay.
‪No. it's fine.
‪[Jonasi sighs]
‪-[sighs]
‪-Bye.
‪Well. the twins are sleeping.
‪The venue double-booked themselves.
‪-So we don't have a venue for the party.
‪-[clicks tongue] Those idiots.
‪How do they double-book?
‪[Matipa sighs]
‪My first event as a mother
‪and a part of the Gomora family.
‪and this is what happens.
‪You know what?
‪We'll have it at my place.
‪at my house.
‪[scoffs] Where will Joyce be
‪when that happens?
‪She'll be strong.
‪And then?
‪Jo? [stammers]
‪Jonasi!
‪So. Joyce agreed for you to have
‪your kids' party at her house?
‪-Why?
‪-I don't know.
‪Maybe this is her way of showing me
‪that she's ready to put everything
‪that has happened in the past
‪so we can move on with our lives.
‪-Joyce.
‪-Oh. [stammers]
‪You look so beautiful.
‪-That dress looks good on you.
‪-Enough about the dress.
‪What's going on here?
‪Oh. uh. the twins' christening party
‪will be here.
‪-Jonasi… [stammers]
‪-Yes?
‪Don't you dare. Don't provoke me.
‪-Provoke you?
‪-What do you mean the party will be here?
‪The venue was Hibiscus Manor.
‪How's my house involved in all of this?
‪The venue was double-booked.
‪What were we supposed to do?
‪What does the double-booking
‪have to do with me. Jo?
‪-Come on.
‪-Jonasi. you're trying to tell me that…
‪-Mmm.
‪-…you couldn't consult with me first.
‪as your wife. before doing all this?
‪Joyce. I tried speaking to you last night.
‪and you weren't listening to me.
‪[gentle music playing]
‪[guests chattering]
‪[music stops]
‪-Wow.
‪-You're all so beautiful.
‪They didn't even tell us the theme.
‪Even the ballerina's are dressed in white.
‪We're the only ones…
‪That doesn't matter. We're here now.
‪Wait. Mom. Tell me. Was I baptised?
‪Ah. Sarah. My goodness.
‪My love. it's not about you.
‪It's about the twins. Please.
‪-Sarah.
‪-Yes?
‪[Freedom] Just look at your father.
‪Do you think he's mentally okay?
‪Look at him. He's acting holier-
‪than-thou in front of all of these people.
‪They have no idea
‪how he treats us like dogs.
‪Ugh.
‪-[fussing]
‪-[Matipa] That's your brother.
‪[chuckling]
‪-Can we have a word?
‪-[Matipa] I'll be back. Okay?
‪You have some nerve.
‪You have the nerve to organise parties
‪at my house without my knowledge?
‪-You didn't know?
‪-Cut the act.
‪It's not an act. Joyce.
‪I thought Jo told you.
‪-You had no right--
‪-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
‪The right?
‪Let me remind you
‪in case you have forgotten.
‪-This is the twins' home too.
‪-[chuckles]
‪How can I forget?
‪You're always here in my ear constantly
‪every day reminding me about it.
‪[Matipa] You know. I really thought that
‪you made this nice gesture
‪-to show you have accepted my children.
‪-Oh.
‪I guess it's obvious
‪I was wrong about that.
‪Oh. you're definitely wrong about that.
‪Are we clear? Absolutely wrong.
‪Now. listen here.
‪There's one problem with you.
‪You're forgetting that you're here
‪because I woke up one morning
‪and decided to allow it.
‪-Wow.
‪-I had your life
‪in the palm of my hand. Matipa.
‪Have you seen what
‪they're saying on social media?
‪-What are they saying?
‪-They're saying you're a gold-digging
‪home-wrecker.
‪Hmm? And that doesn't go away.
‪You see. those kids? They'll grow up
‪one day and read about it.
‪They'll see for themselves
‪what a home-wrecker their mother was.
‪[groans]
‪Disgusting.
‪[gasps] Friend.
‪Are you okay?
‪-[Grace] Joyce. please. Let's go inside.
‪-[Joyce] Mom.
‪Mom. please stop.
‪-[gasps]
‪-What is it?
‪-It's your mother.
‪-[chuckling] What happened?
‪Dude. You-You know what…
‪Wait a minute.
‪[babbles]
‪[Mpume] Who's Ashley and who's Hayley?
‪[Menzi] You still can't tell them apart?
‪-Are you judging me?
‪-Okay. wait.
‪-This is Ashley and this is Hayley.
‪-Okay.
‪The thing about Hayley is…
‪Oh. I need Hayley's pink pacifier.
‪-Yeah.
‪-How do you know about the pink pacifier?
‪Uh. I've been… [stammers]
‪I've been visiting them.
‪-[babbles]
‪-I'm their big brother.
‪-Hmm.
‪-They are your sisters too. Mpume.
‪-I know.
‪-Yes. Give it to her.
‪so that she'll like you. Give it to her.
‪-So she doesn't like me now?
‪-[laughs]
‪As I was saying.
‪-that idiot was getting married.
‪-Uh-huh.
‪He didn't even show up
‪for his own wedding.
‪-He wasn't there? Wow.
‪-No.
‪-Are you well. Jonasi?
‪-[Magesh grunts]
‪May I have a word with you. please?
‪-Bro. give me a moment.
‪-All right.
‪Moment.
‪What do we have there?
‪-Jonasi.
‪-Hmm?
‪You know things were left on
‪a bad note between me and you.
‪And you haven't bothered yourself
‪to call me or at least call Sarah.
‪Do you think this is the right time?
‪Or the right place?
‪Oh.
‪When?
‪This is the only time we have to talk.
‪So. you can explain to me.
‪We'll talk later.
‪Oh?
‪[whispering] Jonasi.
‪-As I was saying. Brother.
‪-[Magesh] Yes.
‪-Talk brother.
‪-[Jonasi] I see you're eyeing someone.
‪-[grunts]
‪-[Mpume exclaims]
‪-You drink a lot.
‪-Pour. pour that into your mocktails.
‪[sucks teeth]
‪-Guys. I have some news.
‪-[Lindani] Yes.
‪Bongs's parents are leaving next week.
‪-and I am planning on popping my cherry.
‪-[Lindani] There you go.
‪-[Mpume giggles]
‪-[Lindani] That's what a woman does.
‪So. how do you want your first time to be?
‪I want it to be magical.
‪-[Lindani] Okay. Hmm.
‪-And memorable.
‪-[Lindani] Okay.
‪-Fantastic. [giggles]
‪Hold it right there.
‪I have the right thing for you.
‪-Let me take it out for you.
‪-Whoa.
‪Let me plug you.
‪You go around carrying panties?
‪When you go to Bonginkosi wearing this…
‪he'll definitely be thanking the Lord.
‪That's not all.
‪It even has pearls.
‪-I also have fresh cream.
‪-[Mpume] Lindani.
‪Do you girls know where to put this?
‪-Strategic places.
‪-[Mpume] No. no. no. You know what?
‪-It's giving loose vibes.
‪-Shut up
‪-and take the cream.
‪-I don't want it.
‪What do you think. Sarah?
‪Hell no. Sex is overrated. Lindani.
‪-Ugh.
‪-[Sarah] Mm-mmm.
‪And. Mpume. why can't you wait
‪for marriage? What's the rush?
‪[chuckles] Bongs is my true love.
‪It's not like I'm throwing away
‪my virginity by giving it up to him.
‪[Lindani] You're certainly not. my dear.
‪Because he is your man after all.
‪Goodness.
‪Something you should know. girls.
‪is that if you don't give it up.
‪he won't stay.
‪Well. Bongs…
‪He's understanding. he's very gentle.
‪Bongs would never cheat on me.
‪He's nothing like my father.
‪[laughs] You're certainly right.
‪Your father is something else.
‪Well. men like
‪to tap and go though. but okay.
‪[retching]
‪-Oh my word. Lindani.
‪-[retching]
‪Do you need anything?
‪[Lindani] I'm fine. [panting]
‪-[toilet flushes]
‪-[coughs]
‪[exhales]
‪Yes. I'm fine.
‪It's just the tequila.
‪-[Freedom laughs]
‪-[exhales]
‪[Freedom] My goodness. Hey. hey. hey.
‪-What is it? Let me see.
‪-Wait.
‪Look at this beauty.
‪You see this?
‪This is the girl I'm talking about.
‪This girl. we need to make her Mrs Gomora.
‪Ah. don't tell me
‪about Mihlali. man. Please.
‪You know who Mrs Gomora is going to be.
‪-Nah.
‪-Wait.
‪[Freedom] Here we go.
‪Um. hi.
‪Hi.
‪What's wrong? You don't look okay.
‪Yeah. I just feel a bit nauseous.
‪Oh. I'm sorry. Sorry.
‪Hmm. how about we go inside
‪and I'll make you some ginger tea
‪or anything.
‪[smacks lips] Thank you.
‪[breathes deeply]
‪I can see that X is not here today.
‪Is he not coming?
‪[grunts]
‪We're going through something right now.
‪He's not coming.
‪-Okay.
‪-[Bonginkosi] As the saying goes…
‪…it's better to be late
‪than not pitching at all.
‪[both laugh]
‪[Jonasi] My goodness. Hold on.
‪Hello.
‪-Please hold her carefully.
‪-Jonasi. my brother.
‪[photographer] Now. uh.
‪let's have a picture
‪of just the wives. please.
‪[scoffs] My goodness.
‪-MaJele.
‪-Oh. no. I'm good. Thank you.
‪Joyce.
‪[Jonasi] Come on. There we go.
‪Smile. Both of you smile.
‪Yes. There we go.
‪-Take the picture. Take the picture.
‪-[shutter clicking]
‪Clap for them. Oh. come on.
‪Oh. wow. They look beautiful.
‪He sleeps around with every woman
‪-and expects us to applaud him.
‪-Stop it.
‪Maybe let's take a picture
‪including all the children.
‪-Oh. all the kids.
‪-Menzi.
‪Can all my kids come forward?
‪Yes. let them come.
‪-You're dressed like your father.
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪You're dressed just like your father.
‪I've never heard you complain
‪about your father.
‪-[scoffs]
‪-[Jonasi] Someone's missing.
‪Let's wait for the rest of my children.
‪Go and join them.
‪[Mpume] Fine.
‪[Jonasi] There we go.
‪Everyone say. "Cheese." Come on.
‪-Cheese!
‪-[shutter clicking]
‪-There we go.
‪-[Magesh] I'm sorry. Essie.
‪Sorry for what?
‪I can tell this is affecting you.
‪[scoffs]
‪I'm fine. I'm just bored.
‪Because this place is boring.
‪Ah. my baby.
‪[stammers] Are you smiling?
‪Are you okay?
‪-Hmm?
‪-Are you okay?
‪[chuckles]
‪Um. actually.
‪please help me with something? Please.
‪Matipa.
‪[sighs]
‪Would you please have a seat?
‪[exhales]
‪Listen.
‪I'd like to apologise to you
‪for the way I spoke to you earlier.
‪I would also like to apologise. Joyce.
‪I honestly didn't know Jonasi
‪hadn't consulted you regarding the party.
‪Hmm.
‪You know. I have so much respect for you.
‪The way you handle everything
‪-with so much grace and class.
‪-[scoffs]
‪I could barely keep it together out there.
‪I honestly thought I was losing my mind.
‪Well…
‪For me to reach
‪that point of grace and class…
‪I've had to do a lot of practice.
‪Wow. [exhales]
‪Hmm.
‪There was something you said earlier
‪that was true.
‪When the twins are here. they're home.
‪I shouldn't be directing my anger
‪towards them.
‪It's their father.
‪Yeah.
‪[chuckles] I can't believe
‪the things that man does sometimes.
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪-Jonasi. [scoffs]
‪-Yes.
‪-I…
‪[Essie] Oh.
‪-[Joyce] Oops! Essie. be careful. Sorry.
‪-My goodness. I almost fell on the table.
‪-Aren't you two sitting so cosy.
‪-[all laugh]
‪-Sorry.
‪-Please pour some for me.
‪-I came to get a refill. [laughs]
‪-[Joyce laughs]
‪-Are you okay?
‪-[Essie] I'm okay.
‪-Ah. that's good.
‪-Hey. Matipa.
‪Wow. this is such
‪a really beautiful event.
‪-It was truly beautiful.
‪-Oh. thank you. Thank you. [chuckles]
‪How does it feel being wife number two?
‪Is it nice? [chuckles]
‪-[exclaims]
‪-[Bonginkosi moans]
‪[Bonginkosi moans. gasps]
‪-[moans]
‪-Bongs.
‪[gasps] Oh. shit.
‪-My love. I'm sorry.
‪-What are you doing. Bongs?
‪-Please let me explain.
‪-In my bedroom? Piss off!
‪Piss off. Bongs! Piss off!
‪Just leave me! Leave me!
‪-[Essie] My goodness!
‪-[Mpume shouting]
‪Joyce. get up. The kids.
‪-What's going on?
‪-It's Mpume.
‪[distorted] Get out!
‪Get out. both of you! Get out!
‪-Get out. Bongs! Get out of my room!
‪-[Essie] What's going on?
‪Just leave! Leave!
‪[sobbing] What are you still doing here?
‪Get out! Get out. Bongs!
‪-What's going on?
‪-Mpume.
‪[wailing] Oh. my gosh. Just leave.
‪-[Freedom] Mpume! What's happening?
‪-My goodness! Sarah!
‪-[Freedom] What's going on in this house?
‪-[Essie] Sarah!
‪What did this boy do?
‪What did you do to my sister?
‪-[Joyce] No!
‪-[wailing]
‪-No. don't!
‪-I'll kill you with my bare hands!
‪-Stop it!
‪-[grunting. groaning]
‪-[Freedom] Say it again! Do it again!
‪-[crying]
‪-Leave me alone! I'll kill this boy!
‪-What are you doing?
‪What do you think you're doing
‪with my child?
‪-Come here. you little bastard.
‪-Get him out!
‪-You see. you… you're a whore. huh?
‪-Piss off. man.
‪Hey. let's go now! What bullshit is this?
‪-Let's go! Damn it.
‪-[clamouring]
‪Let's go. Don't piss me off.
‪You're embarrassing me in front of people!
‪-Damn it.
‪-[sobbing]
‪[Joyce] Mpume.
‪Jo. deal with her please.
‪You go.
‪-Go check on her.
‪-[wailing]
‪You want to be seen naked
‪in front of all these people? Damn it.
‪Sarah! Hey! I'm talking to you!
‪Hey! Where are you going?
‪I'm talking to you!
‪What devil has possessed you?
‪What? [scoffs]
‪The devil? [cackles]
‪Do you know the devil. Mom? Hmm?
‪You haven't seen the devil yet. Mom. Okay?
‪Now get the hell out of my way.
‪-You're not going anywhere. Hey!
‪-I said move!
‪-Mom!
‪-You're not going anywhere.
‪-Mom! Mom!
‪-You're not… [screams]
‪-[screaming]
‪-[grunts]
‪Mom! Mom!
‪[screaming]
‪[phone buzzing]
‪[grunts]
‪[buzzing continues]
‪Hello.
‪[Sarah] ‪Something bad
‪happened to my mother.
‪Please help me. I can't reach Dad.
‪Please come quickly. Please. Please.
‪[Magesh]
‪Well. you can say it was a long day.
‪Especially for Essie.
‪Why are you talking about Essie?
‪She had to stand there and watch you
‪taking pictures with Matipa and Joyce.
‪You seem to forget
‪that she's your wife as well.
‪Hey. Brother. stop annoying me.
‪I get enough of that at home.
‪Is there something you want to say?
‪No. no. no. no.
‪You just don't realise
‪the sacrifices people made for you.
‪Like Essie and I.
‪Sacrifices?
‪You?
‪Jonasi.
‪-My life is on hold.
‪-Oh?
‪-I could've had my own family. Hmm?
‪-[chuckles]
‪But I have to pretend
‪to be married to Essie.
‪Tell me. bro.
‪Which life of yours did I put on hold?
‪Because you wouldn't have anything
‪without me.
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪Oh. is it that position you have at J&J?
‪Do you feel like you deserve it?
‪Are you qualified? Hmm?
‪So my job is to clean up your mess?
‪Yes.
‪That made you wealthy.
‪I only want to hear one thing from you.
‪A thank you.
‪Thank you. boss.
‪Understand?
‪Do you understand?
‪Or do you want me
‪to reconsider everything?
‪I understand.
‪Hold this.
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪I'm going to the bathroom.
‪[sniffles]
‪Pull yourself together when I get back.
‪Stop talking shit.
‪[sirens wailing]
‪-[Menzi] Here's some water.
‪-[sniffling]
‪Let her be.
‪Sarah.
‪[sobbing]
‪Tell me what actually happened?
‪[suspenseful music playing]
‪This is all your fault.
‪What do you mean all of this is my fault?
‪What did I do?
‪Mom was trying to protect you.
‪Protect me from what?
‪From the tru… [sniffles]
‪[Joyce] Sarah.
‪What truth was your mother
‪trying to protect me from?
‪[breathing heavily]
‪-[Joyce whispering] Sarah?
‪-[sobbing]
‪Talk.
‪[music intensifies]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm